OSDOCS-15449: CQA updates disconnected install mirroring index (#98095)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installing-mirroring-disconnected-con.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disconnected/mirroring/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installing-mirroring-disconnected-con_{context}"]
= Using mirror registries to install clusters in disconnected networks

You must mirror required container images into the environment before you can install and provision a cluster in restricted network infrastructure. To mirror container images, you must have a registry for mirroring.

* If you already have a container image registry, such as {quay}, you can use it as your mirror registry. If you do not already have a registry, you must create one.

> * To mirror your {product-title} image repository to your mirror registry, you can use either the oc mirror plugin or the `oc adm` command. The oc-mirror {oc-first} plugin is a single tool that mirrors all required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry. By using the `oc adm` command, you can mirror release and catalog images for {product-title}.

Reviewer: Lastly, one thing to keep in mind is that thru the docs we want to steer users towards oc-mirror and away from oc adm mirroring, so it might be better if this last sentence was trimmed out (just to give more attention to oc-mirror). 

Up to you but I'd delete that sentence, and state that oc-mirror is preferred (as we already do [here](https://98095--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/disconnected/about#preferred-methods_about-disconnected-environments)):
```suggestion
* To mirror your {product-title} image repository to your mirror registry, you can use either the oc mirror plugin or the `oc adm` command. The oc-mirror {oc-first} plugin is a single tool that mirrors all required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry, and is the preferred method for mirroring.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * disconnected/mirroring/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="installing-mirroring-disconnected-con_{context}"]
= Mirror registries for installing clusters in disconnected environments

You must mirror required container images into a disconnected environment before you can install and provision a cluster there. To mirror those container images, you must have a mirror registry. Consider the following options for creating and using a mirror registry:

* If you already have a container image registry, such as {quay}, you can use it as your mirror registry. If you do not already have a registry, you must create one.

> * After you establish your registry, you need mirroring tools. To mirror your {product-title} image repository to the mirror registry in your disconnected environment, you can use the oc mirror plugin. The oc-mirror {oc-first} plugin is a single tool that mirrors all required {product-title} content and other images to your mirror registry. oc mirror is the preferred method for mirroring.

Author: Yeah the docs are very inconsistent. I don't think Seb saw it when he reviewed this one for me earlier. I updated to "oc-mirror plugin."
